small fixups (#1)
syncom/tinyp256: README.md

 *
 * @param pk IN -- ECDSA-P256 public key. Must point to a 64-byte buffer
 * containing an uncompressed point in affine coordinates (Qx, Qy)
 * @param pk_len IN -- Size of public key buffer in bytes. Must be 64.

>  * @param sha256 IN -- The SHA-256 signed hash. Must point to a 32-byte buffer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * @param sha256 IN -- The SHA-256 digest of the message to sign. Must point to a 32-byte buffer.
```

>  * @param sha256_len IN -- Size of hash buffer in bytes. Must be 32.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * @param sha256_len IN -- Size of SHA-256 digest buffer in bytes. Must be 32.
```
